whoa hey guys it's Jay here from e2
language I have some very exciting news
no I'm not getting married instead what
I'm doing is I'm going to run live
classes for one week starting on hmm
starting on the 6th of November until
the 10th of November this is what we're
going to do so these are all Melbourne
Sydney Times by the way so you might
have to get on Google to find out when
they are in your hometown but it's 6
p.m. on Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday we're going to look at
IELTS academic writing task 1 line grasp
bar graphs pie charts tables diagrams
and processes here's the big test day
here by the way on this Saturday so this
is leading up to that Saturday at 7:30
p.m. between writing task 2 on the
Monday agree/disagree
Tuesday double question Wednesday
advantages/disadvantages Thursday
discussion Friday problem solution
holy-moly this is going to be phenomenal
preparation for you ok let's keep
looking because it's not just for the
academic students there's also a reading
for both general and academic Tuesday
we're going to look at question types 1
2 5
Thursday question types 6 to 11 9 p.m.
on the other days we're going to look at
general informal letters semi-formal
letters and formal letters so if your
test is coming up on the 10th of
November then I suggest that you sign up
to these classes how do you do it
three-step process first of all
unfortunately I can't do this for all
three members so you're going to have to
buy a package at2 language comm even if
it's the budget package you will get
access to the online course these online
master classes and and and and and also
what's going to happen with these online
master classes is you'll also have a
downloadable PDF because the IELTS is a
tactile exam which means you have to
write you have to feel this thing out I
want you to download this PDF before you
come to class bring
to class you watch me and four other
teachers teach you how to structure up
your exams how to describe your graphs
you will be writing it in your PDF and
getting the best possible practice there
is plus the good thing is you don't have
to study by yourself will motivate you
will keep you coming back okay I think
that's all so anyway there'll be more
information in the description below
about the time so you can find out when
it is in your city do come along it'll
be well worth it you won't just get
access to these live classes you also
get full access to e to language comm by
the way for I think it's six months so
hopefully you won't need it for that
long but this is gonna be fun think
about signing up think about passing the
IELTS on your next attempt okay that's
all for me I hope to see you in the live
classes see you soon